Organization Signup happens on the shop-app for now. ( This api will be migrated to admin-app later. )

POST: Create dispensary account record, create location record, create stripe account

1.  POST client -> next api,
    call is made to <nexturl>/api/organization with request body of an object of type OrganizationCreateType.
2.  POST next api -> server-main, 
    a request is sent to backend server-main to POST the data.
    a. if organization.address.coordinates are not defined, a request is made to geolocate api to get the coordinates
        and append to the data.
    b. record is created in mysql database
3.  POST server-main -> server-location, 
    data is forward to server-location, to create the document database record that contains
        coordinate info for the dispensary. This document database is used for dispatching and geo location queries.
        the request to server-location is POST.
4.  POST server-main -> server-payments,
    a request is made to server-payments to create a stripe Connect account for the dispensary. 
        The request body is the organization record of type OrganizationCreateType.
        Stripe Connect account or account Link is created, and the user is redirected to account link.
        // STRIPE NOTES: See stripe notes for the status of these apis!
5.  200 server-main -> next api -> client,
    success message is responded to client.


PUT: Update dispensary account record, update location record

1.  PUT client -> next api,
    call is made to <nexturl>/api/organization with request body of an object of type OrganizationCreateType.
2.  PUT next api -> server-main, 
    a request is sent to backend server-main to PUT the data.
    a. if organization.address.coordinates are not defined, a request is made to geolocate api to get the coordinates
        and append to the data.
    b. record is upserted in mysql database.
3.  PUT server-main -> server-location,
    data is forward to server-location, to update the document database record that contains
        coordinate info for the dispensary. This document database is used for dispatching and geo location queries.
        the request to server-location is PUT.
4.  200 server-main -> next api -> client,
    the updated record is returned in response to client.